DOC: Add some examples to the operations page (#153)
isciences/exactextract: python/doc/operations.rst

  * ``default_value`` - specifies a value to be used for NODATA pixels instead of ignoring them
  * ``default_weight`` - specifies a weighing value to be used for NODATA pixels instead of ignoring them
  * ``min_coverage_frac`` - specifies the minimum fraction of the pixel (0 to 1) that must be covered in order for a pixel to be considered in calculations. Defaults to 0.

Examples
--------

  * ``quantile(q=0.33)``: the 33% quantile of the pixels that intersect the polygon,
    weighted by the percent of each cell that is covered.

>   * ``count(default_value=0)``: the Sum of all pixel coverage fractions, including

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * ``count(default_value=0)``: the sum of all pixel coverage fractions, including
```

    NODATA pixels, as they will be treated as having value 0 instead of being ignored.

>   * ``mean(min_coverage_frac=0.5)``: the mean value of pixels that intersect the
>     polygon. Only pixels with a coverage fraction of 50% or more will be considered in
>     the calculation and they will be weighted by the coverage fraction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * ``mean(min_coverage_frac=0.5)``: the mean value of pixels having 50% or
    more of their area covered by the polygon. Pixel values will be weighted by the coverage fraction.
```

>   * ``mean(min_coverage_frac=0.5,coverage_weight=none)``: the mean value of pixels that
>     intersect the polygon. Only pixels with a coverage fraction of 50% or more will be
>     considered in the calculation, and they will be treated as having 100% coverage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * ``mean(min_coverage_frac=0.5,coverage_weight=none)``: the mean value of pixels having 50% or 
    more of their area covered by the polygon. Pixel values will be weighted equally (all included pixels
    treated as having 100% coverage.)
```
